```
-  Joey and Dallas need a list if people want to do palo alto and ciso academy 
- Isabelle needs to be contacted to move the meetings to the ARC 
- Aidan needs to talk to kathyrn miller about a ccdc room
- Deven needs to remind joey about flyers
- Angelo has the banners, flyers, and the logos
- We have 4k in money for the club
- Need to contact hannah about getting the logo approved
- Need to be able to get food for every CTF's
- Going to order e-gift cards for food
- No more switching CTFs
- Joey and Juan got removed from the cyber security email and we need to make a ticket to remove tim and put all the officers on the email
- Joey needs to start updating the website
- Still need to remove Tim
- Need to update constitution 
- Need to remove pheonix link
- Vineet is still looking into a form system on matrix
- Changing CCDC to BlueTeam and start doing hivestrom and panoply, going to start rebranding after the competition 
- Joey needs to find the offcial voting day 
- Attendance can be linked through discord and track attendance 
- Jacob is going to rework the events 
- Every officer should make a guide for the next candidate and then the President and Vice President should grade them
```
